docs: Update DNS + TLS to be clearer (#273)
CluedIn-io/CluedIn.Documentation: docs/020-deployment/howtos/080-configure-dns.md

![configure-dns-1.png](../../assets/images/ama/howtos/configure-dns-1.png)
4. Edit the value of the host name to reflect your main domain. If you have 3 environments (development, test, and production), update the value of the host name for each environment (`dev.mycompany.com`, `test.mycompany.com`, `prod.mycompany.com.`).
5. Find the **TLS hosts** section. The example of the section is shown below.
```yaml
global:
  ingress:
    tls:
      hosts:
      - departmentX.20.0.189.11.sslip.io
      - app.20.0.189.11.sslip.io
      - clean.20.0.189.11.sslip.io
      - '*.20.0.189.11.sslip.io'
```

> 6. Replace the hosts section with the below. The example of the updated section is shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Replace the hosts section as shown below.
```

```yaml
global:
  ingress:
    tls:
      hosts:
      - departmentX.mycompany.com
      - app.mycompany.com
      - clean.mycompany.com
      - '*.mycompany.com'
```

> 7. If you are using multiple environments (development, test, and production), update the TLS hosts section for each environments `values.yaml` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. If you are using multiple environments (development, test, and production), update the TLS hosts section for each environment in the `values.yaml` file:
```

   - Development – replace all instances of `20.0.189.11.sslip.io` to `dev.mycompany.com`
   - Test – replace all instances of `20.0.189.12.sslip.io` to `test.mycompany.com`
   - Production – replace all instances of `20.0.189.13.sslip.io` to `prod.mycompany.com`

> 8. Save the file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Save the file.
```

9. Apply changes from the local file to the CluedIn cluster by running the following command:
```
helm upgrade -i cluedin-platform cluedin/cluedin-platform  -n cluedin --create-namespace  --values Cluster-Current-values.yaml
```

After a short time, you'll see the confirmation of your update in the console. CluedIn is now configured to use your new DNS address.
![configure-dns-2.png](../../assets/images/ama/howtos/configure-dns-2.png)

> Note: This will use the LetsEncrypt service in the cluster to do a http request to validate the certificate. If you would like to use a self-provided certificate, please review the Configure [`TLS Certificates`](/deployment/infra-how-tos/configure-certificates) page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** This will use the LetsEncrypt service in the cluster to do an HTTP request to validate the certificate. If you would like to use a self-provided certificate, please review the Configure [`TLS Certificates`](/deployment/infra-how-tos/configure-certificates) page
```
